doc/macro_utils_design.md, before:

macro utils design
=======

Macro utils is a set of C useful macros.

This document explains how it was build and what every macro does. In supporting understandability rather than code accuracy, some macros will be chopped to deal with a reasonable number of arguments rather than their implementation that usually supports above 120 arguments.

### MU_THE_NTH_ARG(...)

`MU_THE_NTH_ARG` produces the nth argument that is passed to the macro. In the implementation case, "n" is 124 and that was determined empirically to be a safe limit with all preprocessors.

Assuming "n" is 4, here's some examples of what the output of the macro is

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(1,2,3,4) => 4

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(11, 22, 33, 44, 55) => 44

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(11, 22, 33) => error, the macro requires 4 or more arguments. This is ok, because in all the context where this macro is called, there will be more than 4 arguments passed to it.

`MU_THE_NTH_ARG` is not extremely useful by itself. When used with `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG` it becomes very useful.

### MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(...)

`MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG` counts ("expands to a number") the number of the arguments passed to it. In all instances where this macro is called, there must be at least 1 argument passed to it.

Here's some examples:

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(X) => 1

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a,b) => 2

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => 3

Here is how that is achieved. We're going to call `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`(<<here are `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG`'s arguments>>, 3,2,1).

Here's how it works for the examples above:
MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(X) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(X, 3, 2, 1) => 1.
                                                     ^
                                                     |----- this is 4th argument

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a,b) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, b, 3, 2, 1) => 2.
                                                       ^
                                                       |----- this is 4th argument

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, , c, 3, 2, 1) => 3
                                                        ^
                                                        |----- this is 4th argument

So what happens if the macro is called with more than 4 arguments? Such as a,b,c,d,e?

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, b, c, d, e, 3, 2, 1) => d
                                                         ^
                                                         |----- this is 4th argument

Obviously `d` is not the expected macro expansion at this moment. So the macro has some limitations, it can count only 1...3 arguments. (it can count 1..n-1, where n is coming from `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`)

So what happens if the macro is called with 0 arguments?
MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG() => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( , 3, 2, 1) => 1
                                                    ^
                                                    |----- this is 4th argument

Here we see how the macro does not produce 0, and that is precisely why the macro is called MU_COUNT_**1**_OR_MORE_ARG.

Next question is : how to produce 0 as a count result? Not easy or immediately straight forward. More macros are needed for that.

### MU_HAS_COMMA(...)

`MU_HAS_COMMA` expands to 0 when the number of its arguments is 0 or 1. If the number of arguments is greater or equal to 2 then it expands to 0. Here are some examples:

MU_HAS_COMMA() => 0

MU_HAS_COMMA(A) => 0

MU_HAS_COMMA(A, B) => 1

MU_HAS_COMMA("1", '2', 3) => 1

Here's how this works. Behind the scenes, `MU_HAS_COMMA` will call `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`(<<here are `MU_HAS_COMMA`'s arguments>>, 1, 1, 0)

MU_HAS_COMMA() => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( , 1, 1, 0) => 0
                                          ^
                                          |----- this is 4th argument. Note how the first argument is empty because __VA_ARGS__ expands to an empty token.

MU_HAS_COMMA(A) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( A, 1, 1, 0) => 0
                                            ^
                                            |----- this is 4th argument.

MU_HAS_COMMA(A, B) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( A, B, 1, 1, 0) => 1
                                               ^
                                               |----- this is 4th argument.

MU_HAS_COMMA("1", '2', 3) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( "1", '2', 3, 1, 1, 0) => 1
                                                          ^
                                                          |----- this is 4th argument.

When called with more than 3 arguments, the macro does not produce 0 or 1, as in the case below:

MU_HAS_COMMA(X, Y, Z, T) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( X, Y, Z, T, 1, 1, 0) => T
                                                     ^
                                                     |----- this is 4th argument.


### MU_ISEMPTY(...)

`MU_ISEMPTY` expands to 1 if its variables arguments is an empty token or not. The simplest way to produce an empty token is to have a missing macro argument, like this: M(1, ,3). Note the second argument to the `M` macro is an empty token. Or if M is

```c
#define M(...) __VA_ARGS__

M() <= will expand to an empty processing token
```

or if M is
```c
#define EMPTY
#define M(...) EMPTY
```

An empty preprocessor token still counts as a token, and `MU_HAS_COMMA(EMPTY)` still expands to "0" so `MU_HAS_COMMA` cannot be used straightforward for determining if a token is empty or not. In all the cases where `MU_HAS_COMMA` returns 1 obviously `MU_ISEMPTY` needs to return 0.

Enter MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS(...). This is a macro that expands to `,` . This expansion, when passed to MU_HAS_COMMA produces "1".

The following constructs

`MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()`

will expand to:

if __VA_ARGS__ is an empty token
    a) `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()` => `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS ()` => `,` (2 tokens, both empty). Passed to MU_HAS_COMMA => 1
    b) other reason why `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()` could expand to have a comma is because either
        1) `__VA_ARGS__ ()` expanded to have a comma or
        2) `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__` expanded to have a comma.
    In both cases "1" and "2" the macro is not empty. (these are not the droids we're looking for).

The combination of `MU_HAS_COMMA` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ())` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ())` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__)` are all set in a dispath table from which the final result of `MU_ISEMPTY` is deduced.

Here are some examples of how this works:
                   `MU_HAS_COMMA`               `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ())`           `MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ())`         `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__)`

MU_ISEMPTY() = >        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA((MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS())`                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(,)                                                0                                       0
                        0                       1                                                               0                                       0

MU_ISEMPTY(A)=>         0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS A ())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(A())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS A)`
                        0                       0                                                               0                                        0

#define M6() , /*note here, only M6 followed by () expands to ",", otherwise M6 stays as it is
MU_ISEMPTY(M6)=>        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6 ())`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(M6())`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS ,    )`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(,)`                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6)`
                        0                       1                                                               1                                       0

MU_ISEMPTY(() Z)=>      0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS () Z)`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(() Z())`                  `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS () Z)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA( , Z )`                                           `MU_HAS_COMMA(() Z())`                  `MU_HAS_COMMA(, Z)`
                        0                       1                                                               0                                       1



Here is how the "dispatch table" looks like for the `MU_ISEMPTY` macro:

`#define MU_ISEMPTY(...) MU_C5(MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_, MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__), MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()), MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ()), MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__))`

MU_C5 just pastes together its 5 arguments resulting in one of the below definitions:

#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1000 0 /*not empty because MU_HAS_COMMA says there's a comma somewhere*/
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1001 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1010 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1011 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1100 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1101 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1110 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1111 0

#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0100 1 /*empty because MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS expanded to , (2 empty tokens) and __VA_ARGS__() did not have a comma and MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ did not have a comma either*/
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0101 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0110 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0111 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0000 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0001 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0010 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0011 0



### MU_COUNT_ARG (...)
`MU_COUNT_ARG(...)` returns the number of arguments (including 0!) that are passed as arguments.

Here's how it works. `MU_COUNT_ARG` will build sort of an "if" statement like below:

`#define MU_COUNT_ARG(...) MU_C2(MU_COUNT_ARG_, MU_ISEMPTY(__VA_ARGS__))(__VA_ARGS__)`

It is based on `MU_ISEMPTY`:
    a) if `MU_ISEMPTY` expands to "1" then `MU_COUNT_ARG` will expand to `MU_COUNT_ARG_1(__VA_ARGS__)`. `MU_COUNT_ARG_1` always expands to 0.
    b) if `MU_ISEMPTY` expands to "0" then `MU_COUNT_ARG` will expand to `MU_COUNT_ARG_0(__VA_ARGS__)`. `MU_COUNT_ARG_0(__VA_ARGS__)` further expands to `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(__VA_ARGS__)` which will return the number of arguments.



### MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND
`MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND` is a pair a macro such as `MU_EXPAND(MU_NOEXPAND(x))` expands to `x`. All other arguments to `MU_EXPAND` (except `MU_NOEXPAND`) are invalid. MU_NOEXPAND itself is a simple token, so it doesn't expand by itself to anything that is, `MU_NOEXPAND(x)` expands to `MU_NOEXPAND(x)`. This is intended, and likely will cause a compilation error.

Here's why MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND are useful. In the context of macros (such as `MU_IF`) that expand to one thing or the other, when one of the "things" contains a comma, the whole macro is invalid. For example:

```c
#define TRUEB 1,2,3 /*notice commas*/
#define FALSEB 4

MU_IF(1, TRUEB, FALSEB)
```

In the code above the intention is to have MU_IF expand to 1,2,3. Well - since 1,2,3 contains commas, the macro is invalid as written. The solution is to capture the true branch / false branch in `MU_NOEXPAND` and provide `MU_NOEXPAND` later to `MU_EXPAND`, like below:

`MU_EXPAND(MU_IF(1, MU_NOEXPAND(TRUEB), MU_NOEXPAND(FALSEB)))`. The macro will expand to `MU_EXPAND(MU_NOEXPAND(1,2,3))` which will then expand to 1,2,3.

### MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE
```c
MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE(PASTE, ...)
```

`MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE` is a macro that expands to `PASTE` concatenated to every variadic argument. Here's an example:

`MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE(1, 1,2,3)` => 11 12 13

### MU_DIFFERENT
```c
MU_DIFFERENT(a,b,c)
```

`MU_DIFFERENT` is a macro that expands to a value that is different from any of the arguments. Depending on the arguments, evaluation can be done by the compiler at compile time, or at runtime.

Note: Not all argument types can be used ("strings" should not be used). Constant expressions are always useable. Arguments that are expressions with side-effects are unadvised.

Example:
MU_DIFFERENT(1) => 0
MU_DIFFERENT(0,1) => 2

Internally `MU_DIFFERENT` proposes numbers starting with MU_COUNT_ARG..0 as candidates for the expression result.

If one of these numbers is not equal to any of the arguments then `MU_DIFFERENT` will evaluate to this number.

### MU_STATIC_ASSERT
```c
MU_STATIC_ASSERT(CONDITION)
```

`MU_STATIC_ASSERT` evaluates the condition CONDITION and produces a compiler error if the condition is false.

Commit message:

kb mb gb format specifier (#182)
* use latest dependencies

* added kb mb gb format specifier

* added design considerations

* rewrote all macros to evaluate GB part first, as likely this is the most used domain

* last updates

* no changes to c-build-tools!

* removed c&p

* no changes to cbuildtools!

* after CR

doc/macro_utils_design.md, after:

macro utils design
=======

Macro utils is a set of C useful macros.

This document explains how it was build and what every macro does. In supporting understandability rather than code accuracy, some macros will be chopped to deal with a reasonable number of arguments rather than their implementation that usually supports above 140 arguments.

### MU_THE_NTH_ARG(...)

`MU_THE_NTH_ARG` produces the nth argument that is passed to the macro. In the implementation case, "n" is 140 and that was determined empirically to be a safe limit with all preprocessors.

Assuming "n" is 4, here's some examples of what the output of the macro is

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(1,2,3,4) => 4

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(11, 22, 33, 44, 55) => 44

MU_THE_NTH_ARG(11, 22, 33) => error, the macro requires 4 or more arguments. This is ok, because in all the context where this macro is called, there will be more than 4 arguments passed to it.

`MU_THE_NTH_ARG` is not extremely useful by itself. When used with `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG` it becomes very useful.

### MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(...)

`MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG` counts ("expands to a number") the number of the arguments passed to it. In all instances where this macro is called, there must be at least 1 argument passed to it.

Here's some examples:

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(X) => 1

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a,b) => 2

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => 3

Here is how that is achieved. We're going to call `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`(<<here are `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG`'s arguments>>, 3,2,1).

Here's how it works for the examples above:
MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(X) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(X, 3, 2, 1) => 1.
                                                     ^
                                                     |----- this is 4th argument

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a,b) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, b, 3, 2, 1) => 2.
                                                       ^
                                                       |----- this is 4th argument

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, , c, 3, 2, 1) => 3
                                                        ^
                                                        |----- this is 4th argument

So what happens if the macro is called with more than 4 arguments? Such as a,b,c,d,e?

MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(a, ,c) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG(a, b, c, d, e, 3, 2, 1) => d
                                                         ^
                                                         |----- this is 4th argument

Obviously `d` is not the expected macro expansion at this moment. So the macro has some limitations, it can count only 1...3 arguments. (it can count 1..n-1, where n is coming from `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`)

So what happens if the macro is called with 0 arguments?
MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG() => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( , 3, 2, 1) => 1
                                                    ^
                                                    |----- this is 4th argument

Here we see how the macro does not produce 0, and that is precisely why the macro is called MU_COUNT_**1**_OR_MORE_ARG.

Next question is : how to produce 0 as a count result? Not easy or immediately straight forward. More macros are needed for that.

### MU_HAS_COMMA(...)

`MU_HAS_COMMA` expands to 0 when the number of its arguments is 0 or 1. If the number of arguments is greater or equal to 2 then it expands to 0. Here are some examples:

MU_HAS_COMMA() => 0

MU_HAS_COMMA(A) => 0

MU_HAS_COMMA(A, B) => 1

MU_HAS_COMMA("1", '2', 3) => 1

Here's how this works. Behind the scenes, `MU_HAS_COMMA` will call `MU_THE_NTH_ARG`(<<here are `MU_HAS_COMMA`'s arguments>>, 1, 1, 0)

MU_HAS_COMMA() => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( , 1, 1, 0) => 0
                                          ^
                                          |----- this is 4th argument. Note how the first argument is empty because __VA_ARGS__ expands to an empty token.

MU_HAS_COMMA(A) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( A, 1, 1, 0) => 0
                                            ^
                                            |----- this is 4th argument.

MU_HAS_COMMA(A, B) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( A, B, 1, 1, 0) => 1
                                               ^
                                               |----- this is 4th argument.

MU_HAS_COMMA("1", '2', 3) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( "1", '2', 3, 1, 1, 0) => 1
                                                          ^
                                                          |----- this is 4th argument.

When called with more than 3 arguments, the macro does not produce 0 or 1, as in the case below:

MU_HAS_COMMA(X, Y, Z, T) => MU_THE_NTH_ARG( X, Y, Z, T, 1, 1, 0) => T
                                                     ^
                                                     |----- this is 4th argument.


### MU_ISEMPTY(...)

`MU_ISEMPTY` expands to 1 if its variables arguments is an empty token or not. The simplest way to produce an empty token is to have a missing macro argument, like this: M(1, ,3). Note the second argument to the `M` macro is an empty token. Or if M is

```c
#define M(...) __VA_ARGS__

M() <= will expand to an empty processing token
```

or if M is
```c
#define EMPTY
#define M(...) EMPTY
```

An empty preprocessor token still counts as a token, and `MU_HAS_COMMA(EMPTY)` still expands to "0" so `MU_HAS_COMMA` cannot be used straightforward for determining if a token is empty or not. In all the cases where `MU_HAS_COMMA` returns 1 obviously `MU_ISEMPTY` needs to return 0.

Enter MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS(...). This is a macro that expands to `,` . This expansion, when passed to MU_HAS_COMMA produces "1".

The following constructs

`MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()`

will expand to:

if __VA_ARGS__ is an empty token
    a) `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()` => `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS ()` => `,` (2 tokens, both empty). Passed to MU_HAS_COMMA => 1
    b) other reason why `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()` could expand to have a comma is because either
        1) `__VA_ARGS__ ()` expanded to have a comma or
        2) `MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__` expanded to have a comma.
    In both cases "1" and "2" the macro is not empty. (these are not the droids we're looking for).

The combination of `MU_HAS_COMMA` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ())` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ())` + `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__)` are all set in a dispath table from which the final result of `MU_ISEMPTY` is deduced.

Here are some examples of how this works:
                   `MU_HAS_COMMA`               `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ())`           `MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ())`         `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__)`

MU_ISEMPTY() = >        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA((MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS())`                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(,)                                                0                                       0
                        0                       1                                                               0                                       0

MU_ISEMPTY(A)=>         0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS A ())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(A())`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS A)`
                        0                       0                                                               0                                        0

#define M6() , /*note here, only M6 followed by () expands to ",", otherwise M6 stays as it is
MU_ISEMPTY(M6)=>        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6 ())`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(M6())`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS ,    )`                    `MU_HAS_COMMA(,)`                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS M6)`
                        0                       1                                                               1                                       0

MU_ISEMPTY(() Z)=>      0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS () Z)`                     `MU_HAS_COMMA(() Z())`                  `MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS () Z)`
                        0                       `MU_HAS_COMMA( , Z )`                                           `MU_HAS_COMMA(() Z())`                  `MU_HAS_COMMA(, Z)`
                        0                       1                                                               0                                       1



Here is how the "dispatch table" looks like for the `MU_ISEMPTY` macro:

`#define MU_ISEMPTY(...) MU_C5(MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_, MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__), MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ ()), MU_HAS_COMMA(__VA_ARGS__ ()), MU_HAS_COMMA(MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__))`

MU_C5 just pastes together its 5 arguments resulting in one of the below definitions:

#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1000 0 /*not empty because MU_HAS_COMMA says there's a comma somewhere*/
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1001 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1010 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1011 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1100 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1101 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1110 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_1111 0

#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0100 1 /*empty because MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS expanded to , (2 empty tokens) and __VA_ARGS__() did not have a comma and MU_TRIGGER_PARENTHESIS __VA_ARGS__ did not have a comma either*/
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0101 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0110 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0111 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0000 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0001 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0010 0
#define MU_DISPATCH_EMPTY_0011 0



### MU_COUNT_ARG (...)
`MU_COUNT_ARG(...)` returns the number of arguments (including 0!) that are passed as arguments.

Here's how it works. `MU_COUNT_ARG` will build sort of an "if" statement like below:

`#define MU_COUNT_ARG(...) MU_C2(MU_COUNT_ARG_, MU_ISEMPTY(__VA_ARGS__))(__VA_ARGS__)`

It is based on `MU_ISEMPTY`:
    a) if `MU_ISEMPTY` expands to "1" then `MU_COUNT_ARG` will expand to `MU_COUNT_ARG_1(__VA_ARGS__)`. `MU_COUNT_ARG_1` always expands to 0.
    b) if `MU_ISEMPTY` expands to "0" then `MU_COUNT_ARG` will expand to `MU_COUNT_ARG_0(__VA_ARGS__)`. `MU_COUNT_ARG_0(__VA_ARGS__)` further expands to `MU_COUNT_1_OR_MORE_ARG(__VA_ARGS__)` which will return the number of arguments.



### MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND
`MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND` is a pair a macro such as `MU_EXPAND(MU_NOEXPAND(x))` expands to `x`. All other arguments to `MU_EXPAND` (except `MU_NOEXPAND`) are invalid. MU_NOEXPAND itself is a simple token, so it doesn't expand by itself to anything that is, `MU_NOEXPAND(x)` expands to `MU_NOEXPAND(x)`. This is intended, and likely will cause a compilation error.

Here's why MU_EXPAND/MU_NOEXPAND are useful. In the context of macros (such as `MU_IF`) that expand to one thing or the other, when one of the "things" contains a comma, the whole macro is invalid. For example:

```c
#define TRUEB 1,2,3 /*notice commas*/
#define FALSEB 4

MU_IF(1, TRUEB, FALSEB)
```

In the code above the intention is to have MU_IF expand to 1,2,3. Well - since 1,2,3 contains commas, the macro is invalid as written. The solution is to capture the true branch / false branch in `MU_NOEXPAND` and provide `MU_NOEXPAND` later to `MU_EXPAND`, like below:

`MU_EXPAND(MU_IF(1, MU_NOEXPAND(TRUEB), MU_NOEXPAND(FALSEB)))`. The macro will expand to `MU_EXPAND(MU_NOEXPAND(1,2,3))` which will then expand to 1,2,3.

### MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE
```c
MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE(PASTE, ...)
```

`MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE` is a macro that expands to `PASTE` concatenated to every variadic argument. Here's an example:

`MU_FOR_EACH_1_PASTE(1, 1,2,3)` => 11 12 13

### MU_DIFFERENT
```c
MU_DIFFERENT(a,b,c)
```

`MU_DIFFERENT` is a macro that expands to a value that is different from any of the arguments. Depending on the arguments, evaluation can be done by the compiler at compile time, or at runtime.

Note: Not all argument types can be used ("strings" should not be used). Constant expressions are always useable. Arguments that are expressions with side-effects are unadvised.

Example:
MU_DIFFERENT(1) => 0
MU_DIFFERENT(0,1) => 2

Internally `MU_DIFFERENT` proposes numbers starting with MU_COUNT_ARG..0 as candidates for the expression result.

If one of these numbers is not equal to any of the arguments then `MU_DIFFERENT` will evaluate to this number.

### MU_STATIC_ASSERT
```c
MU_STATIC_ASSERT(CONDITION)
```

`MU_STATIC_ASSERT` evaluates the condition CONDITION and produces a compiler error if the condition is false.


### PRI_KB / KB_VALUE

`PRI_KB` is a printf format specifier that produces "nice" formatting of values (uint64_t) in KB or MB or GB. If the value would contain a fractional part, and that fractional part would start with 0, then the fractional part is not printed. Otherwiuse the first decimal of the fractional part is printed. Values less than 1KB are printed with all digits. For example:

The number 1025 (which is barely above 1KB) would be printed as 1 KB, not 1.0 KB.

The number 1048576 (this is precisley 1 MB) would be printed as 1 MB.

The number 1048575 (this is 1 MB - 1 byte) would be printed as 1023.9 KB.

`PRI_KB` used with numbers greater than 1024 GB will produce GB resolution. (`PRI_KB` can be easily expanded to handle TB resolution as well).

Here's some more examples of such formatting:

```c
    1023 => "1023 B"
    2048 => "2 KB"
    1048576 => "1 MB"
    2199023255551 => "2047.9 GB"
    10995116277760 => "10240 GB"
```

Note: due to computations done in the macro, the maximum value that can be formatted is ~ `UINT64_MAX` / 10.
